[MUSIC]
>> Jon Kuperman: And then, to kind of get
into the meat of what we're gonna talk
about today, just an overview
of things dev tools can do.
So we're gonna talk about using dev
tools to create and edit files.
We're gonna be talking about using
dev tools to actually author code, so
not just tweak existing code.
Able to persist changes to disk,
so you use dev tools as your
primary editor essentially.
Step through debugging, so no more
console logging in every single function.
A really handy way to just actually
step through applications.
Do a full page audit for performance.
Emulate different devices, both network
conditions, device sizes, headers,
all those things.
Find and fix memory leaks in your code,
do a general profile of your code
which includes analyzing JavaScript
performance, finding slow functions.
Profiling also includes
things like page jenks,
so we'll talk about screen paints and
stuff like that.
So basically, kind of a full audit of your
website, which will be network resources,
memory, CPU, all that kind of stuff,
and we're gonna do all that today.
The official docs live here,
developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-de-
vtools.
They're really good, the only thing
is like I said at the beginning,
these things move really quickly.
And so again, if you go to the official
docs, you'll likely see things that
are slightly different visually than
they actually are in your browser.
And I think that's just kind
of always gonna be true.
They really do add stuff,
they move things around a lot.
[COUGH] The two things for those that
didn't get the email that I sent out,
we're gonna be using Chrome Canary today.
For those that haven't used it before,
it's Chrome's kind of like bleeding edge
browser, so it's a separate browser.
Basically, it's the stuff that
they're soon to release, so
it's kinda their beta stuff.
But what's really cool about it is
they're at a lot more liberty to ship
cool things in their developer tools.
So stuff hits Canary long
before it hits Chrome stable.
So I always do my dev tool stuff in
Canary, cuz it's got all the fun tools.
That being said, it's not as stable
as Chrome, so it might just crash.
So we'll see,
we'll cross that bridge if we come to it.
And then the other thing is,
I built this little Node app.
It's really simple.
That would make it fun
to kind of interact.
So all the demos I'm gonna be
doing today are on this Node app.
It's at
mygithub/.jkup/mastering-chrome-devtools.
For anybody that's for
whatever reason not able to get it set up,
I also have it at nodecast.io,
which is a site that I own,
colon, I think I put it at 4000.
Yep, so if you wanna go ahead and
go to nodecast.io:4000,
you can get kind of a version here.
And this will be good enough to do
most of the stuff we're gonna do.
There's a few things that we're gonna get
into later that do require a local copy,
but this should be helpful for that.